Correct collision algorithm in RZ. (#2510)
ECP-WarpX/WarpX: Docs/source/usage/parameters.rst

WarpX provides a relativistic elastic Monte Carlo binary collision model,
following the algorithm given by `Perez et al. (Phys. Plasmas 19, 083104, 2012) <https://doi.org/10.1063/1.4742167>`_.

> If dimension 2D-RZ is used, `warpx.n_rz_azimuthal_modes` must be set to 1 at the moment,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the RZ mode is used, `warpx.n_rz_azimuthal_modes` must be set to 1 at the moment,
```

> i.e., axisymmetry is assumed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
since the current implementation of the collision module assumes axisymmetry.
```
